Adding guide on handling popups and security page (#10075)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/guide/popup.md

---
title: Handling popups in browser tests
kind: guide
further_reading:
    - link: 'https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/browser-tests/'
      tag: 'Blog'
      text: 'User experience monitoring with Datadog Browser Tests'
    - link: 'synthetics/browser_tests'
      tag: 'Documentation'
      text: 'Configure a Browser Test'
---

Datadog browser tests automatically handle **[JavaScript modals][1]**: `alert` modals are closed and `prompt` and `confirm` ones are answered `Lorem Ipsum`. For Basic Auth popups, you need to specify the associated credentials in your browser test configuration, below the [`HTTP Auth` **Advanced option**][2]:

{{< img src="synthetics/guide/popup/http_auth_option.png" alt="Basic Auth Popup">}}

> If a **popup appears at a specific point of your journey**, you can record a step to close it and allow this step to fail using the [corresponding option][3]. This way, your test knows how to behave in case a popup appears. If the popup does not show up, the step fails without causing the whole test to fail. 

Author: ```suggestion
If a popup appears at a specific point of your journey, you can record a step to close it and allow this step to fail using the [corresponding option][3]. This way, your test knows how to behave in case a popup appears. If the popup does not show up, the step fails without causing the whole test to fail. 
```

---
title: Handling popups in browser tests
kind: guide
further_reading:
    - link: 'https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/browser-tests/'
      tag: 'Blog'
      text: 'User experience monitoring with Datadog Browser Tests'
    - link: 'synthetics/browser_tests'
      tag: 'Documentation'
      text: 'Configure a Browser Test'
---

> Datadog automatically takes care of **[JavaScript modals][1]**: browser tests close `alert` modals and answer `Lorem Ipsum` to `prompt` and `confirm` ones. For Basic Auth popups, you need to specify the associated credentials in your browser test configuration, below the [`HTTP Auth` **Advanced option**][2]:

Author: ```suggestion
Datadog browser tests automatically handles **[JavaScript modals][1]**: `alert` modals are closed and `prompt` and `confirm` ones are answered `Lorem Ipsum`. For Basic Auth popups, you need to specify the associated credentials in your browser test configuration, below the [`HTTP Auth` **Advanced option**][2]:
```

> Datadog browser tests automatically handle **[JavaScript modals][1]**: `alert` modals are closed and `prompt` and `confirm` ones are answered `Lorem Ipsum`. For Basic Auth popups, you need to specify the associated credentials in your browser test configuration, below the [`HTTP Auth` **Advanced option**][2]:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog synthetic browser tests handle [JavaScript modals][1]: 
 - `alert` modals are closed. 
 - `prompt` and `confirm` modals are answered `Lorem Ipsum`. 
 - For basic auth popups, specify the associated credentials in your browser test configuration, below the [`HTTP Auth` **Advanced option**][2]:
```

{{< img src="synthetics/guide/popup/http_auth_option.png" alt="Basic Auth Popup">}}

If a **popup appears at a specific point of your journey**, you can record a step to close it and allow this step to fail using the [corresponding option][3]. This way, your test knows how to behave in case a popup appears. If the popup does not show up, the step fails without causing the whole test to fail. 

{{< img src="synthetics/guide/popup/allow_fail_option.png" alt="Allow step to fail to handle popup">}}

> If the time at which these **popups appear in a session is not predictable**:
> 
> * You should sync with the **third party** providing the popup to see if they could create a rule that would prevent the popup from appearing during your browser test execution. They could for instance provide you with a cookie that you could then input below the [dedicated **Advanced option**][2] of your test.
> 
> * Alternatively, you can use one of these two methods to ensure your popup gets closed and your test is able to continue its journey:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the time at which these popups appear in a session is not predictable, check with the third party providing the popup to see if they can create a rule that prevents the popup from appearing during your browser test execution. They could, for example, provide you with a cookie that you can input below the [dedicated **Advanced option**][2] of your test.

Alternatively, use one of these methods to ensure your popup is closed and your test is able to continue its journey:
```

>   * Create a **[JavaScript assertion][4]** at the very beginning of your browser test to regularly try to close the popup:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Create a [JavaScript assertion][4] at the beginning of your browser test to regularly try to close the popup:
```

    ```javascript
    if (document.querySelector("<ELEMENT>")) {
      return true;
    } else {
      return new Promise((resolve, reject) => {
        const isPopupDisplayed = () => {
          if (document.querySelector("<ELEMENT>")) {
            clearInterval(popup);
            resolve(true);
          }
        };
        let popup = setInterval(isPopupDisplayed, 500);
      });
    }
    ```

>   * Record steps to close your popup, add them in-between all your other browser test steps, and tick the **[`Allow this step to fail` box][3]** for each of them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Record steps to close the popup, add them between all your other browser test steps, and select the **[`Allow this step to fail` option][3]** for each of them.
```

---
title: Handling popups in browser tests
kind: guide
further_reading:
    - link: 'https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/browser-tests/'
      tag: 'Blog'
      text: 'User experience monitoring with Datadog Browser Tests'
    - link: 'synthetics/browser_tests'
      tag: 'Documentation'
      text: 'Configure a Browser Test'
---

> 

Author: ```suggestion
## JavaScript and Basic Auth modals

```

Synthetic browser tests automatically handle [JavaScript modals][1]: 
 - `alert` modals are closed. 
 - `prompt` and `confirm` modals are answered `Lorem Ipsum`. 

> For Basic Auth popups, specify the associated credentials in your browser test configuration, below the [`HTTP Auth` **Advanced option**][2]:

Author: ```suggestion

For Basic Auth popups, specify the associated credentials in your browser test configuration, below the [`HTTP Auth` **Advanced option**][2]:
```

>  - For Basic Auth popups, specify the associated credentials in your browser test configuration, below the [`HTTP Auth` **Advanced option**][2]:

Author: ```suggestion
For Basic Auth popups, specify the associated credentials in your browser test configuration, below the [`HTTP Auth` **Advanced option**][2]:
```

{{< img src="synthetics/guide/popup/http_auth_option.png" alt="Basic Auth Popup">}}

> 

Author: ```suggestion
## Application popups

```

If a popup appears at a specific point of your journey, you can record a step to close it and allow this step to fail using the [corresponding option][3]. This way, your test knows how to behave in case a popup appears. If the popup does not show up, the step fails without causing the whole test to fail. 

{{< img src="synthetics/guide/popup/allow_fail_option.png" alt="Allow step to fail to handle popup">}}

> 

Author: ```suggestion
### Moving popups

```

---
title: Handling popups in browser tests
kind: guide
further_reading:
    - link: 'https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/browser-tests/'
      tag: 'Blog'
      text: 'User experience monitoring with Datadog Browser Tests'
    - link: 'synthetics/browser_tests'
      tag: 'Documentation'
      text: 'Configure a Browser Test'
---
## JavaScript and Basic Auth modals

Synthetic browser tests automatically handle [JavaScript modals][1]: 
 - `alert` modals are closed. 
 - `prompt` and `confirm` modals are answered `Lorem Ipsum`. 
For Basic Auth popups, specify the associated credentials in your browser test configuration, below the [`HTTP Auth` **Advanced option**][2]:

{{< img src="synthetics/guide/popup/http_auth_option.png" alt="Basic Auth Popup">}}

> ## Application popups

Author: ```suggestion

## Application popups
```

kind: guide
further_reading:
    - link: 'https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/browser-tests/'
      tag: 'Blog'
      text: 'User experience monitoring with Datadog Browser Tests'
    - link: 'synthetics/browser_tests'
      tag: 'Documentation'
      text: 'Configure a Browser Test'
---
## JavaScript and Basic Auth modals

Synthetic browser tests automatically handle [JavaScript modals][1]: 
 - `alert` modals are closed. 
 - `prompt` and `confirm` modals are answered `Lorem Ipsum`. 
For Basic Auth popups, specify the associated credentials in your browser test configuration, below the [`HTTP Auth` **Advanced option**][2]:

{{< img src="synthetics/guide/popup/http_auth_option.png" alt="Basic Auth Popup">}}
## Application popups

### Anchored popups
If a popup appears at a specific point of your journey, you can record a step to close it and allow this step to fail using the [corresponding option][3]. This way, your test knows how to behave in case a popup appears. If the popup does not show up, the step fails without causing the whole test to fail. 

{{< img src="synthetics/guide/popup/allow_fail_option.png" alt="Allow step to fail to handle popup">}}

> ### Moving popups

Author: ```suggestion

### Moving popups
```

---
title: Handling popups in browser tests
kind: guide
further_reading:
    - link: 'https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/browser-tests/'
      tag: 'Blog'
      text: 'User experience monitoring with Datadog Browser Tests'
    - link: 'synthetics/browser_tests'
      tag: 'Documentation'
      text: 'Configure a Browser Test'
---
## JavaScript and Basic Auth modals

Synthetic browser tests automatically handle [JavaScript modals][1]: 
 - `alert` modals are closed. 
 - `prompt` and `confirm` modals are answered `Lorem Ipsum`. 
For Basic Auth popups, specify the associated credentials in your browser test configuration, below the [`HTTP Auth` **Advanced option**][2]:

{{< img src="synthetics/guide/popup/http_auth_option.png" alt="Basic Auth Popup">}}

## Application popups

### Anchored popups

> If a popup appears at a specific point of your journey, you can record a step to close it and allow this step to fail using the [corresponding option][3]. This way, your test knows how to behave in case a popup appears. If the popup does not show up, the step fails without causing the whole test to fail. 

Author: ```suggestion

If a popup appears at a specific point of your journey, you can record a step to close it and allow this step to fail using the [corresponding option][3]. This way, your test knows how to behave in case a popup appears. If the popup does not show up, the step fails without causing the whole test to fail. 
```

> {{< img src="synthetics/guide/popup/allow_fail_option.png" alt="Allow step to fail to handle popup">}}

Author: ```suggestion
{{< img src="synthetics/guide/popup/allow_fail_option.png" alt="Allow step to fail to handle popup" width="90%">}}
```

---
title: Handling popups in browser tests
kind: guide
further_reading:
    - link: 'https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/browser-tests/'
      tag: 'Blog'
      text: 'User experience monitoring with Datadog Browser Tests'
    - link: 'synthetics/browser_tests'
      tag: 'Documentation'
      text: 'Configure a Browser Test'
---
## JavaScript and Basic Auth modals

Synthetic browser tests automatically handle [JavaScript modals][1]: 
 - `alert` modals are closed. 
 - `prompt` and `confirm` modals are answered `Lorem Ipsum`. 

> For Basic Auth popups, specify the associated credentials in your browser test configuration, below the [`HTTP Auth` **Advanced option**][2]:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Basic Auth popups, specify the associated credentials in your browser test configuration, in [**Advanced Options > HTTP Auth**][2]:
```

{{< img src="synthetics/guide/popup/allow_fail_option.png" alt="Allow step to fail to handle popup" width="90%">}}

### Moving popups

If the time at which these popups appear in a session is not predictable, check with the third party providing the popup to see if they can create a rule that prevents the popup from appearing during your browser test execution. They could, for example, provide you with a cookie that you can input below the [dedicated **Advanced option**][2] of your test.

Alternatively, use one of these methods to ensure your popup is closed and your test is able to continue its journey:
  * Create a [JavaScript assertion][4] at the beginning of your browser test to regularly try to close the popup:

    ```javascript
    if (document.querySelector("<ELEMENT>")) {
      return true;
    } else {
      return new Promise((resolve, reject) => {
        const isPopupDisplayed = () => {
          if (document.querySelector("<ELEMENT>")) {
            clearInterval(popup);
            resolve(true);
          }
        };
        let popup = setInterval(isPopupDisplayed, 500);
      });
    }
    ```

>   * Record steps to close the popup, add them between all your other browser test steps, and select the **[`Allow this step to fail` option][3]** for each of them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Record steps to close the popup, add them between all your other browser test steps, and select the [**Allow this step to fail** option][3] for each of them.
```
